flandria
not the most complex of this edition of 'is called copla'
this explains that the farc
that's why I would like it now that to plenary frames per dollar
I go to a challenge and he threw me out and that is that Catalan
but good sometimes and do not miss
I trust more in general and until the end
among those five semifinalists to be played in egyptian candid qatar or
will mark booties undefined but I thought that a position in the final
he thought he was so lucky to have said that if the most complete one would
call copla not
and it goes through the cooperation and third final of the beloved the answer to the
death
Today in the house, he knows
this agreement you in what has commented asks this week on Saturday
crytek bad luck style at that moment of the challenge maybe the copla he chose
for the challenge
who did not date was not black with his style and goes more to the veronica style
you agree with that little mouth is an excuse that has put an end to the
last minute I the only thing I have to say that now almost nothing is called
and hacienda
the rector I think the challenge of growth has to be
all things being equal, it can not be that they have also climbed
to one another
a direct challenge for everyone
i the person who most mythical for them and all the mythical since it is the
coplera by event that marked merit
but well I did the best I can
and despite the attempt of this one
Now it's up to us the sax bank is made to protect confidentiality or
transfer contests
because the kid doors and right now to boat soon
I've seen at least three or four times as a candidate for rector can be
of work after the hayek challenge where he has always told me nothing now he trusts
in you
but of course at that time
yahoo on the one hand that you trust me or why
to a continental flight but on the other hand at that moment of so much tension
so much of the nth
anything that can
that age there are things that have never been saved
no more will there be simply in second b with 8 of tucumán every three
sections that your relationship with each point asked for silver
canarias / madrid couple
efe
Higuita who trusts that the theory
it's something despite being a purer flamenco per person
that controversy of if is that this year the program bet for the
flamencos that by the couplet
peter is a flamenco bet for you
but the batteries
is the encyclopedia the couplet is by definition the comply
you did not expect this
to pepe always abel ayala can maría pérez larios I expected it a little bit
mcal
cyclops of the couplet
because throughout my journey percent of the program
never
and it does not surprise me much
do not be surprised by the story
bush a vitoria 4 contact with the axis of the rear
you do not have time caracas that so much longs for veronica
both with a different style
let's see what happens in the rest
As you can do a little bit, it also evoked its passage through Carolina Tohá
already installed the real
my step in the program I believe k siboni bulls
Laura Maria
he remembered min time in time cosehisa contestants called copla
each step of the homeland
at the fair
daniel ferrante was time
I have had another good performance
it was the common principle
a path of roses
barboza very many there are many favorite
I do not know I'm afraid it falls in grace until the remanguillé arrived
what he has done is first hand
the moments of very official fun
my mother hamm mad men
world through the plan that has got stuck
Then they gave me another happy song
it will be the first time that week will be retracted claims both wrong
palmeiras to behave well
Maria Bazán
fifth was bull hairs of end to the boy as it was of origin and youtube
I love them, I had many encounters due to the incident
my relationship with the recent dangerous arrival of the first now
will villán moment when
caracas - on behalf of the mayor
The candidate cuts health in the rest
I have always been told that
Teheran that then girlfriend are eight
since china
We issued the denounced and hygiene two weeks ago not
for conan who does not get a 40
now only for the refined zamora and documentation of the riva
k trust and so the power
barracks
I sensed a very nice moment not
for example when in the middle of the field in the open davos forum
or when menem and I had not read and will continue
it seems to me
Moment moment
the work that will be cavallino is still incipient
It seems that this is a joke
the wood the script of the couplet
ramón hilario of the perforadora maría teresa lara bello yes it is clear
herrera
Caracas
At that time of the morning they waited at the entrance of the black box hipólita
for the pp that is everywhere to several generations r
Look, I think that fundamentally, freshness will be natural
I believe that the pilgrimage in which the copla has best plated this year
contest is called copla I think she turned the canons of the classical copla
know how to move a gown of tail knows how to move a shawl includes very well what is the
classic couplet and I believe that the very weight integrity transmits in
the stage and I think it's a shaker par excellence I think that
basically apart from the beauty for it I think it has not reminded the
true couplets - of course I do know that it is the image of the virgin
people who will be the cup please